Provide rich hover for Zowe Explorer profiles with connection info (#3581)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

- Implemented the `SharedActions.refreshProvider` function to allow refreshing a single tree provider. [#3524](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3524)
- Added an new VS Code command palette option `Zowe Explorer: Update Profile Configuration Schema`, allowing users to manually trigger an update to global and project level configuration schema files with registered Zowe Explorer extender types. [#1642](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/1642)
- Added script that will fetch latest localizations at every build now. [#3573](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3573)

> - Implemented rich hover for Zowe Explorer profiles with connection information. [#3580](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3580)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented rich hover for Zowe Explorer profiles to show connection information. [#3580](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3580)
```
